README.md, before:

## DatabaseFunctionsGenerator

Welcome to the Database Functions Generator wiki!

This repository is work in progress and the purpose of this is to provide a powerful tool for starting a new project.
The idea of the project is to pass the structure of your database and this piece of software will generate:<br />
    -Mysql script to create your database<br />
    -A back-end server in php or python flask which exposes crude operations for all of your tables<br />
    -A mobile back-end in Android with Retrofit to access crude operations, models for data and also some views which displays data from database<br />
    -An angular project with models for your data, methods to access the data and modify it, and  a component with a form to add data and tables to see the data<br />
    -C# models and methods to access the data<br />
    -Python is a work in progress<br />
    -Documentation documenting the api <br />

## Motivation

This project was created to save time when starting a new project. 

## Installing

Open it with Visual Studio 2017 and commpile it. You can run either:<br />
* the webserver project which opens a port to receive post command with a json<br />
* a user interface project to add your structure - this is still a work in progress and some features might not be available<br />

## User interface

[![image.png](https://i.postimg.cc/500BbVVp/image.png)](https://postimg.cc/XZRGktXy)

## Author

* **Beniamin Bia**

Commit message:

add backend options in README

README.md, after:

## DatabaseFunctionsGenerator

Welcome to the Database Functions Generator wiki!

This repository is work in progress and the purpose of this is to provide a powerful tool for starting a new project.
The idea of the project is to pass the structure of your database and this piece of software will generate:<br />
    -Mysql script to create your database<br />
    -A back-end server in php or python flask which exposes crude operations for all of your tables<br />
    -A mobile back-end in Android with Retrofit to access crude operations, models for data and also some views which displays data from database<br />
    -An angular project with models for your data, methods to access the data and modify it, and  a component with a form to add data and tables to see the data<br />
    -C# models and methods to access the data<br />
    -Python is a work in progress<br />
    -Documentation documenting the api <br />

## Backend
For backend, the generator generates:<br />
    -Php server with all crude operations, dedicated requests, authentification, up-to-date<br />
    -Python Restless with crude operations without direct dedicated requests and authentification, discontinued<br />
    -Python Restful and SqlAlchemy with all crude operations, dedicated requests, authentification, up-to-date<br />
    -Python Websockets with SqlAlchemy with all crude operations, dedicated requests, authentification, up-to-date<br />

## Motivation

This project was created to save time when starting a new project. 

## Installing

Open it with Visual Studio 2017 and commpile it. You can run either:<br />
* the webserver project which opens a port to receive post command with a json<br />
* a user interface project to add your structure - this is still a work in progress and some features might not be available<br />

## User interface

[![image.png](https://i.postimg.cc/500BbVVp/image.png)](https://postimg.cc/XZRGktXy)

## Author

* **Beniamin Bia**
